hey I'm Caroline and I'm here with
my grandma hunter Kim who is one of the
best cooks and so today she's going to
be teaching us how to make Korean food
and I thought in the spirit of
seasonality why not make chunka kimchi
which is young radish kimchi now you can
get this at any grocery store you can
get this at many of the Korean
restaurants here but you know my grandma
being the excellent excellent cook that
she is she's going to teach me and you
how to make this at home
young radishes fish sauce ground red
pepper flakes garlic sea salt scallion
and sugar
there's a harmony your one joy or to get
anywhere
mmm
so you kind of scrape off dark parts of
the radish so now we're cutting and
quartering the radish come on come on
tell Toby
yogurt Allah hi mega Giga money no
goatee on jail or to give him where and
how could you need told no so 243rd
epitope on Bob Ortega calculate to a
mother how KooKoo Jen and then Saturn
okay how many have I mention already
tired kept paranoia cool
Kim DeRosa bandy home with hinted now
the next step is washing the vegetables
under the water
so you'll take maybe about a tablespoon
of the sea salt and just kind of
sprinkle it in a pretty scattered
fashion done that's what the chemical
compounds of unrefined sea salts help
retain crispness I mean you don't want
soggy kimchi there's a harmony cabeza
yogi boo boo room we're doing shitless
how were having at home you roll it Eric
oh okay
captured or Lengai sauce oh yeah donkey
mmm yogi and to only carton Boozer gets
us a cookie contender language well
when Burton way croquetas ah whoo yeah
Chiba kandivali mother pregnant a Hello
Sailor Monaco Buicks adamant prabhu
granny come on Balto motojima when you
put a ATO not be so total Jimmy go to
teach Roland we are just going to set
this aside for now so so 30 minutes
later it has been sitting in its juice
there's a lot of water in there
we're just going to take that out and
rinse it off and now the fun stuff we
get to season the radish two tablespoons
of the red chili 1 tablespoon of sugar
and a whole lot of garlic 2 tablespoons
of fish sauce and some scallion
using and harming children Montana
burger Haut Dan harmony harmony man
indicated Kentucky case ah her mentioned
OT Manasa
Chidori vulgarity TV services tango tada
Minako doggy isn't a ghetto a pata
Tarragona kaha epsilon-delta retro who
decided hermano
neither the kimchi has been seasoned
we're pretty much done we leave this in
room temperature for about two days so
that it ferments just make sure to
enclose it in a container after 2 days
we put it in the fridge and then it's
ready to be eaten but my grandma already
had a premade sample for us I hmm
so mark you saw rust mmm
honey I'm up Papa I'm into a number it
tastes really good
so the radish is sweeter softer and
definitely doesn't have that freshly
spicy taste to it
it's very good why should you mm-hmm I
mean I'm in tight enough so that was
really delicious thank you grandma comes
me that um so if you also have a
hankering for something spicy something
Korean head on over to a grocery store
where they have some young radish and
make yourself some kimchi check us out
in our next episode of home cuff
you